Improve the documentation on Kotlin data class (#7566)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/mongodb-panache.adoc

Another option is to use the `@BsonCreator` annotation to tell the `PojoCodec` to use the Kotlin data class default constructor,
in this case all constructor parameters have to be annotated with `@BsonProperty`: see link:{mongodb-doc-root-url}/bson/pojos/#supporting-pojos-without-no-args-constructors[Supporting pojos without no args constructor].

> This will only works when extending `PanacheMongoEntityBase`, and not `PanacheMongoEntity`, as the ID field also needs to be included in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will only work when the entity extends `PanacheMongoEntityBase` and not `PanacheMongoEntity`, as the ID field also needs to be included in the constructor.
```

An example of a `Person` class defined as a Kotlin data class would look like:

[source,kotlin]
----
data class Person @BsonCreator constructor (
    @BsonId var id: ObjectId,
    @BsonProperty("name") var name: String,
    @BsonProperty("birth") var birth: LocalDate,
    @BsonProperty("status") var status: Status
): PanacheMongoEntityBase()
----

[TIP]
====

> Here we use `var` but `val` can also be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we use `var` but note that `val` can also be used.
```

> The `@BsonId` annotation is used instead of `@BsonProperty("_id")` as it is shorter, but both can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@BsonId` annotation is used instead of `@BsonProperty("_id")` for brevity's sake, but use of either is valid.
```
